Good morning. Don Minu.
- Greetings. Don Minu.
- Greetings.
Don Stefano...
Stefano. how are you?
- How you doing?
- Good.
- You've done all right for yourself!
- Hands off my new jacket.
Very sharp. When did you get it?
Don Stefano.
- Nicola. how are you?
- Good.
Don Stefano.
My respects.
My regards.
Don Stefano.
Papa's going now.
Moustache.
Kiss.
- Hi. Stefano.
- Hi. Grandpa.
How's your boy?
He's good.
Here. Buy the kid a toy.
Grandpa. I don't think you should go.
- I have to go.
- Why?
So that those who were with me
don't turn their backs on me.
That would never happen.
Until yesterday. everyone would
shit their trousers at the sight of me.
But today too many families aren't
happy with the way things are.
Remember one thing. Stefano.
disappointment allows not for mercy.
Let's go.
I'm here
because there are
important things to discuss.
You can see I'm half blind.
but I can still see very clearly
what's going on.
To feed all our people.
we need a lot of money.
Money that doesn't circulate
like it used to.
It's my fault...
because they forced me
to live in a hole under the ground.
But now I'm outside.
And the first thing I want to do
to show that I'm back.
is shower you with 900 million.
Money to set things back in motion.
And to get your trust back.
I've ordered five thousand kilos.
27.000 a kilo.
It's my family's price.
but it goes for everyone.
The best price ever.
Are they all taking part?
Your grandpa knows what's what.
Many wanted to stab him in the back.
but with this shipment he took
the knife out of everyone's hand.
Jeez. he's out cold!
Did you really have the same truck?
Yeah.
My father gave me the same one
when I was your age.
Go to sleep.
This is my share and my cousin's.
Your cousin still got
the restaurant at the beach?
Yeah. he sure does.
Tell him my daughter's
having her first communion.
Will he treat me right?
Our family always treats you
like royalty and you know it.
I'll drop in next week. Be seeing you.
Hey. man! What happened?
Hey. Luciano. All good?
Yes. Have you broken down?
Sorry about this.
Get out of the car. Luciano.
and get in the trunk.
Nicola...
You're making a big mistake.
- Be careful.
- It's all good.
Are we sure about this?
Stefano!
As soon as I put him in the sty.
what a satisfaction
to hear him scream...
- The pigs didn't eat him.
- So we brought her in.
She threw herself on him.
I watched her take his head off.
She chewed it off.
Just watch her go.
What a whore!
See her?
Now keep her on a diet.
Why?
I want her to be starving
when I feed my grandfather to her.
When WE feed your grandfather to her.
When WE feed my grandfather to her.
So. you noticed... Wait.
- Hello?
- My boy. sweetheart.
Mamma. you know
you can't on this number.
Yeah. but it's an emergency.
- Are the children all right?
- They're fine. don't worry.
What's the emergency?
Your brother's acting the fool again.
That's not an emergency.
Speak to him. son.
I'll do it later. after work.
- So. you'll talk to him?
- Yes. as soon as I'm done here.
- I'm begging you!
- May God bless you.
- Hi. Nancy.
- Sir.
Tell me.
The 5.000 cans of chilli peppers
for Italy are ready.
Okay. good. perfect.
Listen. I can't do anything now.
They haven't sent the first payment.
I can't leave them here because
it's not safe here in town.
I don't give a fuck. idiot!
It's your job to keep them safe.
That's your job. no?
So cut out the bullshit. Nancy.
Yes. sir.
Hello?
Listen. I don't want to repeat myself.
- Tell me.
- Have you got anything to take notes?
Yes. boss. I'm holding it in my hand.
We must store the chillies
at the old man's farm.
Are you sure?
- Who has more information. me or you?
- Whatever you say.
We can't send them
before the Italians pay us.
- How long should we keep them?
- I don't know.
But we never do that! It's a problem.
I know. it's a mess.
They're going to have a meeting
to find a solution.
In the meantime. you keep the chillies.
Idiot. don't fuck it up.
That's an order from the boss.
if you blow it. he'll kill us.
What is he doing?
He's ditched his phone!
Has he noticed us?
What the fuck happened?
Follow him.
- What about the cocaine. Commando?
- Later! Follow him!
Don't lose sight of him! He knows
where the meeting will take place.
Go. go!
Follow him!
Don't lose sight of him!
Go. go!
Easy. easy...
Don't move.
Don't close your eyes. open them.
What's your name?
My name's Manuel. What's yours?
Open your eyes.
Look at me. You're going to be okay.
They'll help you.
Look at me. don't close your eyes.
Come on. look at me.
Please.
Lord...
receive this little dove
into Your kingdom.
- Where are they meeting?
- I don't know.
- I don't know!
We heard about the meeting
with the buyers from your calls.
I don't know!
- Indio!
- Captain.
Go straight to Tribilin's house.
get that asshole
and hand him over to the MP
as the suspect
we arrested in the square.
Copy that.
Where are they meeting?
All men are small.
only the Lord is great.
Importance is an illusion of mankind.
as well as greatness.
because before God
we must all bow our heads.
Nothing of what I am.
nothing of what I have
is mine.
It all belongs to the Lord.
When I drink a glass of water...
The Captain wants you.
It belongs to the Lord.
Bury him.
Let's go!
We got it.
Do you believe in God?
Yes. sergeant.
We are merely instruments
in His hands.
I see.
Whatever He tells us
we must not argue.
we must obey.
Where is He taking us now?
Only He knows.
Two SUVs incoming.
They're collecting everyone's phones.
Enrique Leyra!
I know an entrance
that connects to the restaurant.
Fuck! Jacinto!
Both the Leyra brothers are there!
There are about 50 civilians in there.
without counting those fat fucks.
Copy that.
We don’t have blind spots
or nasty surprises.
No signal is coming
from snipers or guards.
Copy that.
There are six guys inside
and five outside.
with shotguns and handguns.
Don't tell me you're afraid. Vampire.
What's wrong?
You're sweating.
I'm all right.
Cover me on that side. now.
Make contact with the base
and tell them
we have the Leyras in our sights.
Totomishi to base. do you read me?
Totomishi to base. do you copy?
Loud and clear.
We have the Leyras in our sights.
Awaiting orders.
We'll inform the commander.
Stand by for orders.
Captain. they're informing
the commander.
Standing by.
Affirmative!
There are soldiers in the parking lot!
There's another frequency active.
They're in the parking lot.
Send the SUVs for us.
Move it!
Their men know we're here.
Motherfuckers!
Fuck!
- They are going to escape.
- Let's go get them!
Go!
Those assholes came to protect them.
Treat them as enemies!
Go!
Enrique Leyra! I have him!
What the fuck's going on?
We don't know
why the money hasn't arrived.
But Don Minu will solve this for sure.
Don't worry.
Write him a message.
I will publish it on the obituary.
I need an answer immediately.
And the other one?
It's a big load.
What if it doesn't get there?
Get them out of here.
Shit's about to go down!